this movie will look at various model
responses to selected questions which is
similar to what can be found in the
IELTS speaking exam each response will
be accompanied by explanations of
relevant words and expressions used if
necessary do not memorize these
responses word-for-word and use in the
speaking test you may be penalized if
you do do you come from a small or large
family
well I come from a large family three
brothers and three sisters
so with mum and dad that's nine of us in
total I'm the eldest which always meant
that I had extra responsibilities to
keep an eye on the younger ones and see
that they came to no harm even in simple
questions that could be answered in a
few words try to speak two or three
sentences so that the examiner knows
that you are attempting extended
conversation they come from a small
family I am an only child my father was
an only child and now we have one son so
I guess that must be something that runs
in our family I'm not that worried as
there are clear benefits in being the
only child in the family when it comes
to Christmas and birthday celebrations
note that even in short responses you
can use linking words like so as and
when to produce complex sentences that
concludes your tutorial if you want more
help either IELTS go to WWE my English
exam com